.TH gerbv 1 "November 4th, 2001" Version 0.0.5
.SH NAME
gerbv - Gerber Viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gerbv
[--batch=<backend> | -b <backend>] [ --version | -V] 
[--drill=<drillfile> | -d <drillfile>] gerberfile[s]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIgerbv\fP is a viewer for Gerber files. Gerber files is generated
from different PCB CAD programs and are sent to subcontractors to
actually make the PCB. \fIgerbv\fP also supports Excellon/NC drill files.

\fIgerbv\fP is GTK+ based and contains a possibility to run in "batch mode".
When running in batch mode, gerbv parses the Gerber file and calls an
external Scheme function with the parsed data. The Scheme implementation
is based on Guile.

.SH OPTIONS
.l
.B Warning! 
On some platforms, which hasn't long option available, only
short options are available.
.TP 8
\fIgerbv\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.BI --version
.TP
.BI -V
Prints the version number of gerbv and exits.
.TP 8
.BI --batch=<backend>
.TP
.BI -b\ <backend>
Calls the backend to generate output. GTK+ is never started.
.TP 8
.BI --drill=<drillfile>
.TP
.BI -d\ <drillfile>
Read <drillfile> as a drillfile and displays it with the other gerberfiles.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
No environment variables are used.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.nf
Stefan Petersen (spe@stacken.kth.se): Overall hacker and project leader
Andreas Andersson (e92_aan@e.kth.se): Drill file support

.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
Copyright \(co  2001 Stefan Petersen

This document can be freely redistributed according to the terms of the 
GNU General Public License version 2.0
